welcome back to let's play gun Murray
goemon Diaz and we are in the cursed
temple looking for the imposter going
and killing enemy is a long way these
stone enemies from like Mario we just
killing with the stylus kitties make
your weapon more powerful you get a
silver weapon and in a golden weapon and
somehow you can kill this ghost I'm
touching it or something it's reason I
can't do it right now
mr. Ralph of ghosts all day I feel man
those things these things are weird and
creepy look like the radish turnip demon
thing spirited away or something I don't
know they're just weird to smack them
weirdos yeah they're different so we
should try to understand them so we
should kill them still so that's the
American Way
if he goes to the will look up where to
find us a las eight guys again oh no
he's solid there yep stupid ghost man
I'll saying before about the special
attack the red and blue Scrolls make
your special meter go up to you special
tax but you have to buy those I'm going
to save before going in just in case but
I should have known it's the imposter
going on and how did they mistake going
on for that okay this is mr. goemon this
is actually oh my gosh hideous oh how
did a mistake
we have awakened the cursed temples
demon the candle monster welcome to the
first balls fine
the trick this pulse is to use the
stylus put out this phase then he'll be
paralyzed it can attack you you just
well on the idiot that's pretty simple
BAM so much for the candidate
ok
well we beat the candle but mr. go Iman
it is followers um yeah they're gone
so now we come back to the magistrate
guy and tell him what we have found
gather cool mask
suzu comes and vouches for us then we're
telling the truth so llego Iman is
innocent but he has to go track down the
room mr. the real going on grill mr.
going on and plaster first dude yeah and
his creepy version of abyss amar Oh
welcome to the first town we were here
before but the guards are trying to kill
us now um these are thieves if you can't
tell if they touch you they still have
of your money unless you whack them they
leave you alone it's always well this
kid is your neighbor artist person who
helps upgrade money gives you stuff
throughout the games be nice to him not
that you can be me and going on it's a
secondary weapon the boxing gloves which
you will see how those work pretty soon
actually
so going my pc mari are heading out to
find mr. going on end of chapter one so
i just kind of recaps what goes on tells
us to prepare a la boca llena de salud
about demonic said I cinema in Islam
sala de la hajimaru Abu Dhabi how did I
get well or not you know coming may I
glee yes I shall say chapter two but
before we embark on a quest we shall
play around inside the town so we'll
call it quits so we will see you next
time let's play gomery going